Version 2.0.1.  September 25, 2013.

    (1)  Correct mishandling of some empty <pb> elements in TEI XML files.
    
Version 2.0.0.  September 13, 2013.

    Initial public release.

Version 1.9a28  September 4, 2013.

    Initial semi-public pre-release.

    Main changes since 1.0.1.

    (1)  Created a Mercurial repository to hold the source code
         and build materials:

         http://bitbucket.org/pibburns/morphadorner/

    (2)  Reorganized the code base to place all the linguistics
         processing code under the
         edu.northwestern.at.morphadorner.corpuslinguistics
         parent package.

    (3)  Replaced the old sample servlets with standalone
         MorphAdorner server.  This has its own code base
         and release materials at

         http://bitbucket.org/pibburns/morphadornerserver/

    (4)  Multiple improvments to basic tokenization and
         sentence-splitting facilities, including addition
         of basic support for tokenizing and sentence-splitting
         of texts written in languages other than English.

    (5)  Upgraded language recognition facilities with a more
         recent algorithm from Nakatani Shuyo.

    (6)  Improved part of speech adornment particularly for
         Early Modern English.  Among other changes, the suffix
         analysis used to select candidate parts of speech for
         unknown words now disallows candidate parts of speech
         to be assigned from closed word classes.

    (7)  Added a utility for converting the "base" MorphAdorner
         adorned output to a more TEI P5-like format.

    (8)  Added a number of support utilities for improving the
         processing of corpora from the Text Creation Partnership.

    (9)  Added some extra fields to the tabular (verticalized) output
         from adorned files.

    (10) Added support for different abbreviation lists for main and
         paratext (important for drama texts).

    (11) Added implementation of the PUNKT algorithm of Tibor and
         Strunk for extracting potential abbreviation lists from a
         plain-text corpus.

    (12) Added generic utility to apply and XSL transformation to
         a set of input files.

    (13) Added classes to support basic text summarization,
         hyphenation, and syllable counting.

    (14) Multiple other minor bug fixes and improvements.

